Hi guys, welcome back to the course.
So this is the last part of this strategy
number one. Last part, reaching out to them,
how do you do it and how can you be effective while doing it?
So how do you do it?
Well, it's relatively easy, so let's start with the
first place that we covered, which was Twitter.
The first thing you need to do is create a Twitter account.
It's very easy, you hit "Sign up,"
you fill out some information,
put a profile photo, yada yada yada,
you should be done in 15 seconds.
Now, I honestly suggest that if you're not doing this
technique, you're not going out and talking to people
who specifically have your problem,
you still make a Twitter account.
Why?
Because in a lot of the techniques in this course we're
going to use Twitter, because it's incredibly useful
for growing your business. Even in this section,
we will cover more broad ways that you can build a
Twitter page and use that to grow your business.
So don't skip over it.
At a minimum, create an account.
So we're going to use the Twitter account not for
broad purposes, but for messaging specific people.
Once you have the account, now you're ready to roll.
So go back to the list of people that you
found, and now you have two options.
One, you can direct message them
or two, you can tweet at them.
Now, those of you that are out there that
have absolutely no idea what Twitter is,
it's a system where you can create an account and have
people follow you, and then you can send messages
that are 180 characters long about whatever you want
to, mention other people, mention articles, share
how you are feeling at the time, and all
the people who are following can see it.
So it's a big web of communication,
complaints, and celebrity gossip.
Now, the two ways that they allow you to communicate
with each other is by sending direct messages just
like the same way you do it in Facebook, or
even LinkedIn, or any other platform, really,
and the other one is tweeting. Tweeting is when you
share those 180 character posts, and then tweeting
at someone is when you either tweet to them and
mention them or you reply to their individual tweet.
Hopefully, that didn't just boggle your mind, it's really
not that confusing. Now, between the differences
of direct messaging or tweeting at them,
if you can direct message them, that is better, and
direct messaging will show up in this one section
right over here when you can do it.
Now, you can only direct message people
if they follow you, that's the catch.
So that means that you can only direct message people
that you already have some established contact with.
Now, if that is an option to you, you already have a Twitter
following and these people just so happen to be following you,
great. Message them, that's going to get you the best ROI.
Now, if you can't direct message them and you still
wanted to pursue this avenue, here's one strategy.
What you can do is go to their page
and just follow them. If you follow them,
they get notified that you followed them,
there's a good chance that they will follow you back,
at which point you can direct message them.
Worst case scenario, they don't follow you back, but
they might go to your page and check out your website,
which is essentially the same thing anyway.
Now, if direct messaging just doesn't work out for you,
the other alternative is tweeting at them.
Now, again, you can tweet at them generically
or specifically respond to their tweet.
I suggest you respond to their tweet. And the
way you do this is you find the complaint,
the specific thing that you had identified before as
them having the complaint, them self-identifying
as having this problem,
and you click the Reply button.
Now, craft your own response.
I'll give you some suggestions.
Make sure that you include a mention of them, and
the way you do this in Twitter is you just put @
and then look at their name,
you'll see it up at the top, and say @their name.
Now, what that does is it gives them two notifications
as opposed to one. If you just reply to them, they
get a notification that someone replied to them,
but if you did that and mentioned them, they get two,
someone mentioned you and someone replied to you.
Better chance of them seeing it.
Once you do that, it's public.
They can see what you said and other people can
see that you said something to them, so a little bit
of social pressure to at least acknowledge your message.
Now, if they don't respond back to you or start a dialogue
and then check out your website, you at least
have an ancillary benefit of the fact that you posted
on their page and other people will see it. If
they're reading the person's complaint,
potentially they have the same problem.
Now, if they don't respond, don't
worry about it, follow up later.
Send them another one.
If that doesn't work, send them another one.
And at that certain point, just let it go.
I mean, there's an infinite number of people you can
message this way, and guess what, it costs nothing,
just your time.
Now, the key here when you write a message for responding
to someone on Twitter is that you need to connect
the specific problem to your specific solution.
Don't just say "Hey, saw you had a problem.
Check out our stuff." That is too generic,
too salesy, people are just going to hate that.
What you should do is, let's give an example. Let's say
someone was complaining about how a software doesn't
let them export into Excel.
If your software did, you could respond and say "Hey, our
software exports into Excel and solves some of your other
problems, check it out."
That is a correct response.
You just helped them.
You provided some kind of value, and you showed that
you're not just a robot that's generically scanning
their information, you're actually trying
to talk about what they are talking about.
Now, let's check out Reddit. Now, similar dynamics apply
here, because when someone posts something, you
can either post a reply, or you can direct message them.
Again, I suggest direct messaging, because more
often people will respond to that.
Typically, if someone posts on a thread in Reddit,
and someone replies to them, they might read the
first couple replies, but often it just gets buried,
because a lot of people are posting.
They might just not get around to responding, or
they might see your response and it's next to like ten
other people who also responded at the same time.
But a direct message in general is going to get a
higher response rate. And similar to Twitter, if you
do end up replying to them on a page,
less likely to respond, but there is a chance that other
people will read it and those people might potentially
have that problem, it gets you more exposure.
Now, the key with Reddit honestly is timing.
It is kind of the case that people just use it when they're
bored and they kind of flit from page to page to page.
So if you can respond very quickly, if someone posts
something and you can get a response while they're
still on the website, that dramatically increases
the chance of them reading it, responding, starting
a dialogue, and potentially getting a customer.
Now, my preferred technique for reaching out on
Reddit is to try to sound as non-salesy as possible.
I'd like to say something along the
lines of, you know, since it's a complaint,
"Hey, that sucks.
The way I solved it was [...]" or "You know, I had
that problem as well. That's why I did this."
Remember, you are a human and they are also a human
being, you are individuals, they do not want to be treated
like something to be pitched to.
Reddit especially is grouchy and very sensitive to
being marketed towards, so make sure that you read
your message, whatever you write, at least twice, and make
sure you are trying to be as conversational as possible.
Sound like a human and they
will respond to you like a human.
The last little bit of advice I'll give you here is make
sure that when you are responding in a public
thread, you know whether or not you're responding
to the individual person and their problem and what
they said or the group post as a whole, because there's
generally a theme, and then everyone's responding
to it. So you're either responding to a response or the initial
response that everyone is talking in a tangential kind of angle.
If you don't pay attention to how you're doing
that, you can come off sounding like an idiot.
You can respond to someone's individual complaint,
but their complaint was about the complaint or the
topic that everyone is talking about, and
it just sounds like you're out of the loop.
It will really hurt you. And the last one, Google.
Well, to be honest with you,
this one is just a crapshoot, because
Google can search literally anything,
so you're going to find a lot of different stuff.
Now, there's a lot of different mediums that you'll
find people complaining, and in general they kind
of fall into three different categories.
One, they're going to be sites and platforms
that allow direct communication, great. Two,
they're going to be sites that allow passive participation,
you can post like a comment or reply and hopefully they
read it or someone else passing by sees it, and three,
there is no channel for communicating between
users or with the person who originally posted.
Now, some places are better than others,
and I try to pick these out of the crowd
earlier on. Quora.com is a great one, question and
answer website where people are actually serious, it's
not Yahoo Answers.
People will post legitimate things on there and you
can post as a reply or reply to other people's reply,
you can actually get a very good back and forth
and you can direct message, which is great.
Meetup.com, that's another example of one.
It's passive communication, so you can post on the walls,
you can kind of participate in the threads, and you
can send messages to people, but there's a lot of
weird rules around it, but you can find
groups that are around your topic,
then you can look in the threads and see if people
are complaining about specific things. And then, past
that, any niche forum is going to be great.
You know, if you are looking for complaints about
something related to video equipment, there are a
bajillion forums with thousands of people in them.
You've just got to find one of them, sign up, and
then same thing. You know, for all of these,
the name of the game is the exact same thing, you're going
to sign up, you're going to find the people, you're either
going to try to direct message them
or reply to them publicly,
you're going to try to relate your
posts directly to their problem,
try to sound as human and not as salesy as possible.
Try your best to start a dialogue. If you start a dialogue,
you can convince them to buy your stuff, and if they
don't buy your stuff, well, at least you got some feedback.
Now, if you've run into a blog, well, post in the comments,
people will see that. If you can't post in the comments,
well, try to fish out the email of the person who posted it
or some of the people that have commented, some
types of blogs will allow you to find their e-mail
address or to click through to their user account
where you can then message them and if you can't do
either one of those, well, continue to the course, because
we will cover ways that you can contact people that
you shouldn't have any way of contacting them.
It's a bit of a trick.
But you'll learn it later.
All right, guys, get out there and do this.
Questions, concerns about this strategy as a whole,
just let me know. If you do this long enough and
you persevere, and you don't just give up easily,
you will find a customer, and worst case scenario, you
will get some feedback about your idea, which is
crucial, because when you move on to the next strategy
or the next strategy, you're more likely to be successful.
All right, see you in the next lecture.